RHDEVDOCS-3355: Document the sizing requirements for GitOps Operator and the default instance (#42876)
openshift/openshift-docs: cicd/gitops/about-sizing-requirements-gitops.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="about-sizing-requirements-gitops"]
= Sizing requirements for GitOps Operator
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: about-sizing-requirements-gitops

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> The sizing requirements page displays the document sizing requirements for installing {gitops-title} on {product-title}. It also details the default ArgoCD instance that installing the Operator instantiates.

Reviewer: It also details the default ArgoCD instance that installing the Operator instantiates.

Suggest: It also provides the sizing details for the default ArgoCD instance that is instantiated by the GitOps Operator.

> The sizing requirements page displays the document sizing requirements for installing {gitops-title} on {product-title}.  It also details the default ArgoCD instance which gets instantiated on the installation of the Operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sizing requirements page displays the document sizing requirements for installing {gitops-title} on {product-title}. It also details the default ArgoCD instance which gets instantiated on the installation of the Operator.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sizing requirements page displays the document sizing requirements for installing {gitops-title} on {product-title}.  It also details the default ArgoCD instance, which gets instantiated upon the installation of the Operator.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sizing requirements page displays the document sizing requirements for installing {gitops-title} on {product-title}.  It also details the default ArgoCD instance that installing the Operator instantiates.
```
